Feat Magic URL (#1552)
appwrite/appwrite: docs/references/account/create-magic-url-session.md

> Sends the user an email with a secret key for login. When the user clicks the link he is redirected back to the URL you provided with the secret key and userId values attached to the URL query string. Use the query string params to submit a request to the [PUT /account/sessions/magic-url](/docs/client/account#accountUpdateMagicURLSession) endpoint to complete the login process. The login link sent to the user's email address is valid for 1 hour. If you are on mobile devices you can leave the URL parameter empty, so that the login completion will be handled by your Appwrite instance by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sends the user an email with a secret key for creating a session. When the user clicks the link he is redirected back to the URL you provided with the secret key and userId values attached to the URL query string. Use the query string parameters to submit a request to the [PUT /account/sessions/magic-url](/docs/client/account#accountUpdateMagicURLSession) endpoint to complete the login process. The login link sent to the user's email address is valid for 1 hour. If you are on mobile devices you can leave the URL parameter empty, so that the login completion will be handled by your Appwrite instance by default.
```
